{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Per The Strait Times, Singapore-listed companies have advanced in climate reporting, but only 28% fully met the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework, a global standard for reporting climate-related impacts, risks, and opportunities.\
\
With mandatory climate reporting for all listed companies starting in 2025, Professor Lawrence Loh of NUS Business School\'92s Centre for Governance and Sustainability stressed the urgency of closing gaps. \
\
A March 11 review by the Centre and Singapore Exchange Regulation (SGX RegCo) found 97% of 529 reviewed companies made at least one TCFD-aligned disclosure, up from 73% in 2023. \
\
However, only 28% provided all 11 recommended disclosures, such as board oversight and short-, medium-, and long-term climate risks.\
\
TCFD compliance has been mandatory for finance, agriculture, food, forest products, and energy sectors since 2023. \
\
From 2025, all sectors must comply. Progress was notable in governance disclosures (95% in 2024 vs. 47% in 2023) and metrics/targets (92%). \
\
Yet, fewer companies disclosed climate impacts on strategy or risk management, with under 50% integrating climate risks into broader risk frameworks.\
\
SGX RegCo CEO Tan Boon Gin noted progress but urged better TCFD adoption to ease the transition to International Sustainability Standards Board standards. \
\
From 2025, companies must report Scope 1 (direct) and Scope 2 (indirect, e.g., purchased electricity) emissions. \
\
Scope 3 (value chain) emissions, reported by only 29% compared to 80% for Scope 1 and 87% for Scope 2, remain challenging. \
\
SGX RegCo\'92s Michael Tang said Scope 3 disclosures may start in 2026, pending review.\
\
Prof Loh advised companies to enhance board oversight details, link climate issues to strategy, integrate risks holistically, clarify targets (e.g., base year, timeframe), and begin Scope 3 reporting with measurable metrics like business travel.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 About Green Reports. \
\
Established in 2024, Green Reports is a Singapore-based ESG advisory services company. We specialize in offering high-quality and tailor-made ESG advisory services to Singaporean companies. For further information on the practice, click here.\
}